((This part I am confused who should be the protagonist.))

Protagonist, or at least a "witness", sees a group of young soldiers of Germany. All of them are not heavily distinguished, they almost look the same. Small amount of characterization is established, such as, one of them seem hyper-enthusiastic about what he is doing, and another who is so dull in touches that everyone hits him with a stick to get his attention. Even than, he does not look fazed. He is introduced as a Gentle Giant, but he is a little too gentle...closer to being a Dull Giant. 

The interaction with Omnivore starts somewhere here, as foreigners. Both side is almost immediately met with hostility, but the foreigner is quickly overwhelmed. At this time, the War has been over, and all the boys has been either shell shocked or exhausted, but there were simply a lot more of them. 

((At this time....is the war over, or NOT? If the war IS over, the germans may actually be very not keen on forming any more militaries, reminding them of the horrors))

The anonymous faces of the boy soldiers become a bit more and more clear as the boys gain aggression, including the "Gentle Giant". In fact, it is the Gentle Giant that seemingly gains the most aggression. ((Maybe this IS after the war. Leonhard returns home dull and unreactive and everyone assumes it is due to the war, but it is because he feels disconnected from the world, and is showing natural condition as an Omnivore when they are not given task or anything to connect to))

The Gentle Giant becomes more and more of a bully, and begins to gain attention to himself. It becomes increasingly clear that this character is Leonhard. 

The unnamed character begins to use a lot of forces on Omnivore, and everyone justifies. This brings anger and aggression out of the Omnivore children as well, and they begins to increase their forces. Seeing this is troublesome, more sensible childrens to ease this tension. Some tries to communicate with alien, and some tries to stop spread of misunderstandings, but it generally does not go well....until an actual casually occurs: Eight emergies with new body, stolen from human. Appauled and horrified by these body snatures, the human side increases aggression to remove all threat. 

During this process, the casually increase, and at one point, Leonhard's auntie is attacked. 

For some reason, it is the ALIEN's side that backs off when this happens, as if they didn't mean to do it. 

((Children given too much power))

It is shortly revealed that Leonhard's auntie was in fact one of THEM. This of course, would mean Leonhard and Kiefer is the same. Everyone begins to make connection and tries to take down Leonhard as a traitor, and alien, hidden in plain sight! All the anger and hatred Leonhard helped them build is now being poured RIGHT AT HIM. The wheel has already turned, and the aggression of children is focused on Leonhard and they proceed to decapitate him...



