Leonhard is in hand of a certain opposing group that wants to drive the "martians" out of town. Even though Leonhard lived in the village for years, the children are not convinced Leonhard is really himself anymore. This becomes especially true due to Leonhard's changed attitude once the Omnivores rolled into the town. 

{Slight back trace: Leonhard was known as the "town's fool" or a "gentle giant" if you are more nice people. Everyone agreed that he is not dysfunctional, but his reaction time is very unimpressive, and academically poor. The only reason he was at least placed in the education system fairly well is due to his over abundance of strength and high stature. However, due to his lack of emotional responses, the town youngsters often drag him around, and make amusements out of him. The town's kids are not violent and aggressive, so Leonhard does not suffer from bullying. He has a healthy circle of friends, and generally fit in, but everyone knows him for being stupid.}

Leonhard, still confused why he had strange signs himself, tries his best to convince everyone that he IS human. Leonhard also believes he is human and that whatever the others saw are horrible mistakes. He is very angry at Omnivore children for mistaking him to be one of them. 

((This can be a place Leonhard tries too hard to prove others that he is human that he actually come off UN-human due to the insane effort))

As days go by, the children behave more aggressively toward Leonhard. The children believe Leonhard is their enemy and it brews hostility. They become more aggressive when Leonhard deny that he is an alien. 

Whilst the aggression is brewing, a rescue team is being formed, by people who believe Leonhard is mistaken. This team also brews aggression, because they gain more negative alignments toward the other group for their atrocities. This group in particular is in team with few "Guardien" children, including Zwolf, Nine, and Eight (who is useless). 

The rescue eventually succeds, when the situation has gotten worse enough for the children to begin bullying Leonhard a lot worse. Forcing him in labor, and displaying him in public for mockery. They may have done this to drag out the other team to take action faster. They are waiting for the action. And they were right; the human children were partiularly provoked. So were the guardiens but they had mixed feelings, because they weren't hoping for Leonhard to return to their arms...they were hungry. 

[Not sure if that information was known in the first place. They may have known, at least some of them. The other team could display Leonhard in an "Edible" way so that cannibalism is encouraged. This will put Leonhard is insane conflict if he wants to be rescued or not, but this certainly increases the idea that omnivores are indeed enemies, monsters, that eats their own kind.]





.......




After a successful rescue, the situation is NOT improved. There is a great tension between human and omnivore within that group on what to do with Leonhard. The omnivores obviously wants to return to hiberation using Leonhard as a fuel, but the human children, who've known Leonhard for years, does not want him to die. 

The omnivore children, who are generally weakend, are pushed back by the human children, and Leonhard goes under 'custody' of team who wants to protect Leonhard. 

This part I wanted to incorporate the idea Leonhard is used as a scare tactics. At this point, it is likely the children finds out Leonhard indeed IS a monster, but they do their best to accept him regardless. Leonhard had no idea after all. The children also learn the exact limitation of the alien children; they are very weak, and definitely not monsterous. They are tired and just wants to go to sleep. The human children wants to defend their power of allying with the alien, so they reinforce the image of "monster" using Leonhard. Shackling him up, and purposely dressing him up to make him look sickly and aggressive. 

The idea is that the town eventually drive out other children [other children? Where are they from??], and leave the town intact. They would also setup a system to use Leonhard as a scare tactics in the future in order to protect their town. [From what?]

((It's possible I may not be able to incorporate Cave-Robbers experiement because I just can't find good justification where two groups of children would be abandoned, completely isolated away from adults))




