
Nanobot 
 
  Nanobot capable of replicating organic material. It's "mother" processor is somewhere outside.  
 
 
  Nanobot power:  
 
  Omni's nanobots are powered wirelessly using alternating current. The generator is a bit cyclic; it needs an initial spark and then it can generate some amount of energy by itself. It can be charged through user's body. If you exercise, you can charge it too!  
 
  Some choose to keep nanobot inactive, even removed out of body because it does feed off of you, and especially if you are going to rest for a long time, it is very good idea to turn it off. 
 
  Leonhard may need this initial spark because he had it off the whole time. Therefore, he initially would not be able to regenerate any part of his body. 
  
 
 
Nanobot: Regen technology 
 
Omni's regeneration technology increases speed of cell duplication. How this is achieved, it is not known to human. Omnivores have natural ability to regenerate, similar to that of Earth's salamanders. However, the new cell is not the same as previous one. Because of this, Omnis each have preferred area of "bite", and will normally dedicate that area for being consumed while protecting the other areas. 
 
This technology CAN be used on human being. The nanobot technology which acts as "stimulator" for rapid growth can be inserted into human blood to do the same thing.  
 
 
Nanobot: Regen technology - on human 
Interestingly, this technology works BETTER on human due to high-mineral-blood[salty, like ocean] and because it rapidly circulates and pumps through the body.  
I think it is interesting to think about how one would even transfer it. Since it runs in your blood, once the nanobot gets into your body, you are forever identified by Omni that owns the nanobot. You kind of gets an "owner".  
 
--- 
 
Mother Vetic 
 
This is a security setup in the planet to prevent Walkers from going on murder rampage for fun. Since the living creatures are part of intricate part of the system, you are not allowed to kill information that is part of the system. You must wait for the creature to be "out of loop", it means it has became trash information. Despite Vetic's complexity, it has never figured out a way to clean this out on its own. Because Vetic is so complex, it has an ability to "heal". It means you CAN get away with killing a couple, but doing it too much you become marked, and punishment does occur. It is similar to putting "down vote" on you, and if it is too high, you get kicked out.  




--------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------
--------------- Usage of augmented reality ------------------
-------------------------------------------------------------

Omnivores utilizes augmented reality for easy of navigating, and most importantly, COMMUNICATION.

Omnvores have an implant in their eyes that allow to "mark" certain object or even a small portion of environment with personal notes or drawings. Omnivores are somehow able to input an array of information of the space/object they wish to "mark", and once done so, they somehow make scribbles right in the space. [They may have some kind of special pen]


...... concept ......

One must be smart about putting the right cue for the space/object recognition. Thankfully, the device accept more than visual. This possibly increase security as well. For example, a piece of meaningless scribble on flat piece of paper, will not reveal the augmented drawing unless an extra voice is present. You can also specify lighting, so that it only appears when sufficient light is provided. The clock CAN be implemented but this is a custom feature. 

Good practice for gathering cue is to place cues on small, recognizable feature rather than the object as a whole. If you find a flower in a field, do not store the whole area around the flower as a cue, instead, focus on the flower petal, color, and the leafs separately. 

If you want to place a very large augmented message in a large space, same thing applies, but on a larger scale. Try to see if there is a peculiar rock formation in distant. You can place cue far away but write augmented message right in front of you, this will store properly. 



...... the "pen" ......

You can register "pen" for drawing anytime, repeatedly. This information is stored on each device, and is never permanent. [This allows non-Omnivore to start drawing if they somehow got in the system]. Pen registration is simple image processing and motion tracking. Not very difficult to do. 





...... infiltration .......

This is optimized for Omnivore's eyes, so it's unrealistic how human might be able to see this, but I suspect Omnivores are not completely blind; they can accept certain colors, perhaps they have only 2 cones, or hell, even 1. This opens possibility for human to steal this technology and at least be able to partially utilize.

The only way for an "enemy" force to infiltrate this technology is to find out the identification sequence of wave that will access these series of information. A bit similar to github; the information is stored in the cloud, so it doesn't matter at all that you steal that EXACT eye implant device for viewing this. Even cooler, as long as you know how to interpret the information, you can build your own. 



...... Compatibility ......

Initially the good compatibility of useage of this device between human and omnivore raises suspicion whether the technology is really alien. There are handful of signatures that marks the device to be Omnivore-designed, but interestingly it works well on human's eye, and human's general biology. Some believe the technology is from the future, or an alternative timeline where Omnivores and Human began to coexist in the jail we call Earth. 
